Company Description

Visa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.

When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.

Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.

Job Description

As a new grad Software Engineer, you will be placed in one of the technology organizations at Visa and specific assignments will depend on upon your skills sets, interest, and team needs. By applying to this position, your application is automatically considered across multiple locations.

Some Job Duties And Projects Could Include

Write optimized, secure and scalable code that also follows best practices such as unit testing and peer reviews.
Formulate creative solutions to solve problems that meet the objectives of both the product roadmap and technology roadmap.
Participate in and develop end-to-end technology solutions that solve our business needs.
Work closely with multiple stakeholders in a cross-functional organization within an Agile environment.

Basic Qualifications

Qualifications

Minimum of 6 months of work experience or a Bachelor's Degree
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, CIS/MIS, Cybersecurity, Business or a related field, graduating January 2022 - August 2023

Preferred Qualifications

Proficiency in at least one programming language or technology including, but not limited, to Java, C/C++, C#, .NET, python, Javascript, HTML
Experience with Write utilities / automation tools using Selenium, Java, REST, Python, Groovy, and more
Familiarity with software testing principles
Solid understanding of software engineering concepts and methodologies
Document process, designs, test results, and analysis
Lead root cause analysis and track defect resolution to completion
Review and provide feedback on development code, test designs and test cases
Communicate status frequently to project stakeholders
Strong communications skills, specifically, the absence of repeated grammatical or typographical errors, clear and concise written and spoken communications, and communications that demonstrate professional judgment.
The ability to take on challenges and address problems head-on
Strong ability to collaborate
Highly driven, resourceful and results oriented
Good team player and excellent interpersonal skills
Good analytical and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated ability to lead and navigate through ambiguity

Additional Information

Visa has adopted a COVID-19 vaccination policy to safeguard the health and well-being of our employees and visitors. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the U.S. are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.

Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.

Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.

Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.

Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.
